fix/test-user-validation (#2360)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/adobe-commerce/integration-test.en.md

![Create Account](/images/adobe-commerce/test-create-account-es.gif)

4. Open a new incognito window and log in to Mercado Pago using the seller's test account created in the previous step.

> 5. In the same incognito window logged in as the seller, access the [Developer dashboard](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/panel/app) and create a new application, following the detailed instructions in the [Developer dashboard documentation](/developers/en/docs/adobe-commerce/additional-content/your-integrations/dashboard).

Author: ```suggestion
5. In the same incognito window logged in as the seller, access the [Your integrations](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/panel/app) and create a new application, following the detailed instructions in the [Developer dashboard documentation](/developers/en/docs/adobe-commerce/additional-content/your-integrations/dashboard).
```

![Login](/images/adobe-commerce/test-login-esp.gif)

 > WARNING
 >
 > Important
 >

>  > If, when logging into a test account or trying to access some sections in the Developer Dashboard, you are required to authenticate with a code sent via email, access our documentation to learn [how to validate your login with test users](/developers/en/docs/adobe-commerce/additional-content/your-integrations/test/accounts#bookmark_validate_login_with_test_users).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > If you are required to authenticate with a code sent via email while logging into a test account or trying to access some sections in the Developer Dashboard, access our documentation to learn [how to validate your login with test users](/developers/en/docs/adobe-commerce/additional-content/your-integrations/test/accounts#bookmark_validate_login_with_test_users).
```

Reviewer: @pcanosa , qué opinas de esta manera más directa de contarlo?

11. Click on **Save Config**.
12. Open a new incognito window and log in to Mercado Pago using the buyer's test account created in step 3.

 > WARNING
 >
 > Important
 >

>  > If, when logging into a test account or trying to access some sections in the Developer Dashboard, you are required to authenticate with a code sent via email, access our documentation to learn [how to validate your login with test users](/developers/en/docs/adobe-commerce/additional-content/your-integrations/test/accounts#bookmark_validate_login_with_test_users).

Author: ```suggestion
 > If you are required to authenticate with a code sent via email while logging into a test account or trying to access some sections in Your integrations, access our documentation to learn [how to validate your login with test users](/developers/en/docs/adobe-commerce/additional-content/your-integrations/test/accounts#bookmark_validate_login_with_test_users).
```
